# Research Assignment #1 : ​​Admin Login
✔️ 00 - 30%   :: Allows user to login to a welcome page.<br>
✔️ 30 - 60%   :: Displays date/time of LAST successful login. (For example, if a userlogged in yesterday, when the user first time logged in today, it should showyesterday’s date/time as the LAST successful login, while if the user logged in again today, it should show today’s first time login date/time)<br>
✔️ 60 - 80%  :: Account complete lockout after 3 failed login attempts.<br>
✔️ 80 - 100% :: Count the total successfully login number of the account and displayin the welcome page.<br>

# Research Assignment #2 : ​​Create User
✔️00 - 30%  :: Allows admin to login and create a new user.<br>
✔️ 30 - 60%  :: After new user is created an email is sent letting them know their username, password and URL to login.
✔️60 - 80% :: New users password is generated by the system, not the admin.<br>
✔️80 - 100% :: New users generated password is encrypted and stored in the database.<br>

## Section
* Login Page<br>
* Welcome page <br>
* create user page

## Reference
* ([User Last Login Time](https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=Displaying+last+login+time+in+php&ru=%2fvideos%2fsearch%3fq%3dDisplaying%2blast%2blogin%2btime%2bin%2bphp%26FORM%3dHDRSC4&view=detail&mid=488E39CCEFB02AAC24D1488E39CCEFB02AAC24D1&&FORM=VDRVSR)) 
* ([Account complete lockout after 3 failed login attempts](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11524614/php-login-counter)) 

* ([email](https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=Failed+to+connect+to+mailserver+at+%26quot%3blocalhost%26quot%3b+port+25&qft=+filterui%3avideoage-lt525600&view=detail&mid=88C56DEA80F94B407E1E88C56DEA80F94B407E1E&&FORM=VRDGAR&ru=%2Fvideos%2Fsearch%3F%26q%3DFailed%2Bto%2Bconnect%2Bto%2Bmailserver%2Bat%2B%2526quot%253blocalhost%2526quot%253b%2Bport%2B25%26qft%3D%2Bfilterui%3Avideoage-lt525600%26FORM%3DVRFLTR))
## Author
Ryoko Oka<br>
Zhu Meng

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT[MIT]
([MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)) license

Copyright (c) 2021 Meng_Oka_ADMINLOGIN

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.




